plugins/modules/certificate.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/cluster.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/dns.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/email.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/filesystem.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/filesystem_snapshot.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/host.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/hostgroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/info.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/job.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/ldap_account.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/local_user.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/nasserver.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/network.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/nfs.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/ntp.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/protectionpolicy.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/quota.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/remotesystem.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/remote_support_contact.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/remote_support.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/replicationrule.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/replicationsession.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/role.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/security_config.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/smbshare.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/smtp_config.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/snapshot.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/snapshotrule.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/storage_container.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/volume.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/volumegroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/ldap_domain.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/vcenter.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/file_interface.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/file_dns.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/file_nis.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/smb_server.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/nfs_server.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/service_config.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license